# Agenda and Minutes for the 2025 10 03 17:00 ADT CG Meeting (DRAFT)

## Dial in details

*Zoom*: https://zoom.us/j/95320945677?pwd=aMBNHYCSujHC1MW6z1V1CjbMfKwE27.1

*When*: Weekly from 17:00 to 18:00 on Monday (Eastern Australia Time - Sydney)

*Location*: Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/95320945677?pwd=aMBNHYCSujHC1MW6z1V1CjbMfKwE27.1

## Attendees

- Mark Williams
- David Hyland
- Dima Postnikov
- Brad Carr
- Jonathan Foyer
- Linden Dawson
- Sefan Charsley
- Andres Olave
- Olaf Grewe
- Jan Vereeken
- Asli Demirel


## Agenda

**AntiTrust Reminder**: https://openid.net/policies/
**Participation Agreements**: Reminder to sign the participation agreement if you wish to have your comments and contributions recorded.
**Access to Slack**: Reminder to join the Slack channel for ongoing discussions and updates. You will need to sign the participation agreement to join the Slack channel.
**Access to the Mailing List**: See the signup link in the Readme.md file.
**Previous Actions**: (see below)
**Subgroup Updates**: (see below)
**Local Events**: (details below)
**AOB**

## Open Actions

- OIX Paper: Gareth to liaise with Gail Hodges and Nick Mothershaw 
- Age Verification: Victoria to Share EU Paper. 
- Age Verification: Victoria to share back a summary of the problem statement to this group for review  

## Local Events

Austalian Payments Plus: Beyond Tomorrow 25 March 2025 - ICC, Sydney https://www.auspayplus.com.au/beyondtomorrow

Biometrics Institute Aisa Pac Conference: 21 May-22 May - Dockside, Sydney
https://www.biometricsinstitute.org/event/asia-pacific-conference-2025/


## ADT CG Subgroups

The ADT CG will govern and oversee the activites of the subgroups. 
- Subgroups will report back to the CG on activities, progress and broad socialisation/review of any work they undertake. 


### Subgroups
### Age Assertion

**Meets**: Mondays follow the ADT CG core agenda.

**Overview**: https://github.com/openid/cg-australian-digital-trust/blob/f5c4682e24c7f28b8663cdb697268003728d7f73/InnovationDay-1/Readme.md

**Discussion**: 
1. Review/revise the sub group objective drafted by Victoria based on member input in previous meeting.
https://oidf.slack.com/archives/C086C5WF4KA/p1741449316800659
This objective will help drive and inform the focus of this sub group.
2. Discuss/agree proposed sub group name change - from Age Verification to Age Assertion - as a term that encompasses estimation and verification which the group acknowledges are different.

### SIDI Trust Framework Analysis

**Meets**: TBC

**Overview**: https://github.com/openid/cg-australian-digital-trust/blob/f5c4682e24c7f28b8663cdb697268003728d7f73/TrustFrameworkAnalysis/Readme.md

Will meet for 30 minutes later this week. 
Currently the following people have expressed interest: 
     - Dave Hyland
     - Olaf Grewe
     - Andres Olave
     - Dima Postnikov
    
**Discussion**:

1. Multiple columns for Australia: What are they?
2. Role for TrustID
3. Is AGDIS detailed enough yet to allow for policy references to be included with the mapping
     
**Next Steps**: 
    - Review material
    - Define champion use cases
    - Download from @Mark Verstege
    - Ovewview of Prior art on Trust Frameworks from Victoria?
    - Start mapping

# Minutes
- Welcome to new members Mark Williams, Linden Dawson and Stefan Charsley. 
- Actions Updates: 
    - Still waiting on responses from Nick and Gail on OIX 
    - Victoria still to share EU Document
    - Age Verification Objective published here: https://oidf.slack.com/archives/C086C5WF4KA/p1741449316800659 
- ACTION ON ALL: Review and feedback comments on the 
 
 - Stefan asked to be added to the list of people interested in participating in the Age Assurance Sub Group

Question raised relating ot the name of the SubGroup i.e. Age Assurance. DH to get the decision made via Slack. 

Past Minutes - lasst meetings minutes were posted in Slach - DH will pust to GIT, and publish link via Mailing List. 

Proposal for new Subgroup by Linden Dawson - realted to "customer offboarding"
There is an existing OIDF "death and digital estate" working group https://openid.net/cg/death-and-the-digital-estate/ This would look into the Astralian Aspect of this domain. 
DP noted that there is a Monthly OIDF working group meeting for DADE. (ever 4 weeks - but is at the unfriendly hour of 1AM AEST)
LD - govt consultaiton relating to changing data retention - looking to find a better balance between priacy mininisation and records keeping obligations. 

DP - Proposal for the group will be put to Slack - all to register their interest. 

DH - updates on Digital Trust Framework Analysis - will attempt to find some time to get a download on work done to date. Will notify via mailing list and slack. 

JV - noted challenges mapping cross boarders (SUI & EIDAS) - DH - noted some prior art from OIX that will share. 

Next Meeting Monday 17 March 17:00
